feat(curriculum): dice game project (#50819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/64a234995c47cf02021508f1.md

---
id: 64a234995c47cf02021508f1
title: Step 33
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-33
---

# --description--

> just like step 31, you will use the `innerHTML` property on the `currentRoundRollsText` variable to set value of `rolls`. Do the same for `currentRoundText` variable to set value of `round`. This will reset the rolls and round to `0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like in previous steps, you will use the `innerHTML` property on the `currentRoundRollsText` variable to set the value of `rolls`. Do the same for `currentRoundText` variable to set the value of `round`. This will reset the rolls and round to `0`
```
